And that's what happened.
No matter what his identity is
Who is it?
Even if we are one in the sky and one on the ground
He is my man
What's more, my child can't live without a father
This husband today
No one deserves to rob me
I want to decide if you want a face or not.
Today is the birthday of our neighbor
It's okay if you come here and smash the stage
How dare you rob people in public
Do you know that he is our neighbor's son-in-law?
It's not something you say you can grab if you want.
Yeah, I don't know where the wild woman came from
How dare you hit on our Lin family?
He is no longer the son-in-law of your Lin family.
Why do you regret it now?
Anyway, we were married for a few years
He still has feelings for me
Besides
He was also willing to come to my grandfather's birthday party
It means you definitely can't let me go
You don't understand human language, do you?
Our lady is the sixth lady of Shangjing Jin's family
His status
It's not something you small families can compare to
Listen clearly
The person our lady wants
But you never get it.
I always have the right to say a few words
Today is my birthday
Everyone wishes me a birthday
Make me happy
I don't care what family you are in Shangjing
A junior came to my house to run wild
It's always a bit unreasonable
Master Lin, right?
Isn't your neighbor just relying on a little star?
He is now divorced from Jun Zhilong
No resources.
What qualifications do you have to talk to me?
Enough, I did divorce Xue Zhilong
But you keep saying that he is the father of your child
What about the evidence?
What!
Really father and son
Could it be that
I finally found your husband